Updated terrain surface gradient list docs (#2153)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/components/reference/terrain/surface-gradient-list.md

## Usage

Terrain surface weight mappings control the strength of a surface type across the terrain surface. Multiple surface types and weights can exist at the same point. For example, a surface can be 30% grass, 50% dirt, and 20% rock. Other systems query these weights to determine how to render the terrain, what physics properties to apply to the terrain, and so on.

You select a gradient either by dragging an entity containing a gradient component to the **GradientEntity** field, or by clicking {{< icon "picker.svg" >}}. Once a gradient is assigned, you can select the surface type that this gradient represents, by using the **Surface Tag** pull-down menu. You can configure the dimensions and priority of the layer using the required [Terrain Layer Spawner](/docs/user-guide/components/reference/terrain/layer_spawner).

> More than one gradient to surface type mapping can be defined in this component. Each gradient needs to map to a different surface type. The simplest example of multiple gradient mappings would be to have two surface types where one gradient is the inverse of the other. You can have more than two as well that can be blended together.

Reviewer: This accidentally lost the previous change from @invertednormal :

```suggestion
More than one gradient to surface type mapping can be defined in this component. Each gradient needs to map to a different surface type. A simple example of multiple gradient mappings would be to have two surface types where one gradient is the inverse of the other. You can have more than two as well that can be blended together.
```

Reviewer 2: Good catch. Fixed on behalf of **cgalvan**.

You select a gradient either by dragging an entity containing a gradient component to the **GradientEntity** field, or by clicking {{< icon "picker.svg" >}}. Once a gradient is assigned, you can select the surface type that this gradient represents, by using the **Surface Tag** pull-down menu. You can configure the dimensions and priority of the layer using the required [Terrain Layer Spawner](/docs/user-guide/components/reference/terrain/layer_spawner).

> More than one gradient to surface type mapping can be defined in this component. The simplest example of multiple gradient mappings would be to have two surface types where one gradient uses an inverse modifier to act as the inverse of the other. You can have more than two as well that can be blended together.

Reviewer 3: nit: 
```suggestion
More than one gradient to surface type mapping can be defined in this component. A simple example of multiple gradient mappings would be to have two surface types where one gradient uses an inverse modifier to act as the inverse of the other. You can have more than two as well that can be blended together.
```

Author: Good call, fixed!

> 

Author: I like it, will incorporate!

|-|-|-|-|
| **Gradient to Surface Mappings** | An array of gradient entities and surface tags to map together. |  |  |
| **GradientEntity** | The gradient entity to assign to this layer. | Gradient Entity | None |
| **Surface Tag** | Sets the [surface tag](/docs/user-guide/gems/reference/environment/surface-data) that this gradient represents.<br><br>See the [adding surface tag names](/docs/user-guide/gems/reference/environment/surface-data/#adding-surface-tag-names) guide for creating your own surface tags. | Surface Tag | (unassigned) |

> ## TerrainAreaSurfaceRequestBus

Author: Good call, will update this as well!
